## Citibike Peer Review Assignment

Review of: Thomas Isola Citibike Assignment

By: Tiffany Patafio

Verifying that the NULL & Alternative hypotheses are presented correctly:
  - Overall there is a clear NULL and Alternative hypothesis, with an indicated measure, identified samples, and clear expectations on alpha (confidence/significance level).
  - It might be worthwhile to specify the timeframe for which you'd like to test this hypothesis.
  - Specify units to ensure measurements are consistent
  - Another consideration when interpreting these results is the limitations of the trip duration field since it does not necessarily indicate trip distance given variations in the speed of the cyclist, possible lag time in between checking bike back in, etc.

Data preparation looks good! 
  - It might be helpful to include some data around the timing of the ride as this could prove useful as you dig deeper into your analysis. I would be curious to see if the time of day/year impacts trip duration as there could be a relationship here to age as well. 
  - Removal of nulls-- great work! This will be important to note in your interpretation

For the test, you can use either t-test or the Chi-sq test. The t-test will tell you for sure that the mean of the two groups are different, while the Chi-sq will help to understand if there is a relationship between age (above 30, below 30) and trip duration. Given the initial idea proposed that "younger users ride longer trips on average compared to older users"- I would choose a t-test to test whether the mean of the below 30 group is truly different than the mean of the above 30 group.

Overall, test and notebook are well commented and look to be ready for testing. A slightly more specific timeframe may negate the impact of season or time of day on the age and trip duration of the riders to ensure an accurate result. 

Happy testing- good luck!
